Description
Due Thursday, October 25th at 11:59pm

You will build a dice game that is similar to Poker. You will find a folder called DiceImages.zip on Blackboard under Homework3. Use these images for your dice. 
There are two versions of the dice: 1 indicating the dice is "held" and one indicating that it is not "held". Do not change the name of the png files!
Otherwise I will not be able to test your code on my system. You should also use CSS to give your application an interesting look and feel.
Change background colors, fonts, and buttons. Make sure the design techniques used match the principles we've talked about in class.
Included in the Homework3 folder are some sample pictures of what your display might look like. Make yours look different (and hopefully better!) than mine. 

Rules:

The player has three rolls per turn. 
After the first roll, if the user clicks a dice, it will remain "held" and not roll the next time the user rolls the dice. Its image should update accordingly. 
Once three rolls are up, determine what is the best "hand" the user has. Inform the user of what hand they have and how many points they received this round.
The "Roll" button should say "Play Again" once the player's turn is over. This should clear the Dice, allowing the user to start over.
Keep track of how many points overall the user has (i.e. keep a running total of how much they scored each turn)
Hands:

5 of a kind - 10 points
Straight (5 numbers in a row i.e. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 2, 3, 4, 5, 6) - 8 points
Four of a Kind - 7 points
Full House (3 of one kind, 2 of another) - 6 points
3 of a kind - 5 points
2 pair (2 of one kind, 2 of another, and 1 other value) - 4 points
2 of a kind - 1 point

Grading:

Is CSS used to make a presentable / interesting presentation? -20%
Do the GUI aspects of the program work well? i.e. Button clicks, event handling, Image loading / display, etc. -50%
Does the game logic work properly? i.e. Adding the score correctly, determining the best "hand" the user has each turn, etc -30%
Tips:

I recommend making a "Dice" class. Each dice should have its own ImageView and it should keep track of which Image it is currently showing. It should have a method roll that randomly picks a value from 1 - 6 and changes its Image accordingly.

You can simply keep an ArrayList of "Dice" objects in your main program, and each time the user clicks "Roll Dice" call the roll method on each of them.